Dart Installation
What is the first step for installing Dart on a Windows machine?
B) Download the Dart SDK
The first step in installing Dart on Windows is to download the Dart SDK from the official website.

Which command verifies the Dart installation on macOS?
D) dart --version
The dart --version command checks the installed Dart version and verifies that Dart is correctly installed.

Flutter Installation
What is the next step after downloading and extracting the Flutter SDK on Linux?
B) Update your PATH
After extracting the Flutter SDK, you need to update your system’s PATH variable to include the Flutter binary.

What command is used to run a newly created Flutter app?
C) flutter run
The flutter run command runs a Flutter application on an emulator or connected device.

Python Installation
What is the first step to install Python on a Windows system?
B) Download Python from the official website
To install Python on Windows, the first step is to download the installer from the official Python website.

Which option should you ensure is checked during Python installation on Windows?
C) Add Python to PATH
Ensuring that "Add Python to PATH" is checked during installation makes it easier to run Python from the command line.

How do you verify Python installation on any system?
A) By running python --version
Running python --version in the terminal or command prompt will verify that Python is correctly installed.

What command is used to install pip on macOS and Linux?
C) curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py
This command downloads the get-pip.py script, which is used to install pip on macOS and Linux systems.

What is the purpose of a virtual environment in Python?
C) To separate project dependencies and avoid conflicts
Virtual environments allow you to isolate project dependencies to avoid conflicts between projects.

MySQL Installation
What is the first step to install MySQL on Windows?
B) Download MySQL Installer from the official website
The first step in installing MySQL on Windows is to download the MySQL Installer from the official website.

What setup type should you choose for a custom MySQL installation?
D) Custom
The "Custom" setup type allows you to select the specific components to install.

Which products should you select during the MySQL installation?
A) MySQL Server, MySQL Workbench, and MySQL Shell
During installation, you should select MySQL Server, MySQL Workbench, and MySQL Shell for managing databases.

What is the purpose of setting a root password during MySQL installation?
B) To secure your MySQL installation with a super-secret password
The root password is used to secure the MySQL installation and restrict unauthorized access to the database.

How do you begin managing your database after installing MySQL?
B) Launch MySQL Workbench and connect to your MySQL Server
After installation, you can manage your database by launching MySQL Workbench and connecting to the MySQL Server.
